In this paper, a regression-based time pyramid network(R-TPN) real-time recognition method has been proposed for  for the handwritten trajectories of continuous numeric characters. Authors used e spatial semantic
modulation and temporal rate modulation. Through the experiments, autohrs deminstrated the performance (accuracy) of up to 78.87% with good processing speed.
To improve this manuscript, I have some critical issues as:

1. In Intorduciton, authors mentioned some problemes of 2D imaging system. But I think each numeric character can be input to the deep neural networks which are very good models.  I mean the continuous trajectory information can make the problem more complex to solve. 

2. Also, some hand gesture interface systems for online charater recognition gave good performance in this field. The followings are good works:
 - Advances in online handwritten recognition in the last decades, Computer Science Review, Volume 46, November 2022, 100515
 - Handwriting Recognition using Wasserstein Metric in Adversarial Learning, SN-Computer Science (Springer), vol. 4, No. 1, Paper no. 43, pp. 1-10, 2023.
 - Deep-Learning-Based Character Recognition from Handwriting Motion Data Captured Using IMU and Force Sensors, Sensors 2022, 22(20), 7840; https://doi.org/10.3390/s22207840

3. Authors mentioned "~ using the idea of regression detection,the extracted trajectory features are predicted and classified."  I think this is not new idea. All deep learning approaches are using the regression in RNNs and LSTMs.
What did it mean by authors?

4. In the proposed scheme, it used Spatial and temproal pyramid structures. Spatial scalability and temporal scalablilty are very usual in object detection and classification problem. I think the contribution is so weak and not innovative.

5. In the proposed scheme, authors aggregated the hierarchical features by element-wise addition operation. There can be concatenation, mutiplpication, and addiiton.  Why authors used just addition?

6. After feature aggregation, authors used just a MLP structure. In Tables 2 and 3, the performance was similar with TPN [20]. In Table 3, why did not authors compare with TPN [20]?  I think not significant performance.

7. To show the effectiveness of the proposed scheme, more recent works from 2021 and 2022 should be employed to compare the performance. The compared method were a little old fashion.


recommendation: Major revision.
